after that long flight from Cleveland it
feels so good to be back home in
washington DC at the verizon center
getting ready for a big game against the
Boston Celtics it is my first game home
so you know I have to go hard it's only
right the fans are gonna be so live and
now without further ado let's go
yo what it do you to sade with me it's
your boy gin so first off I just want to
say thank you to qjb and the entire full
house ENT for allowing me to post this
gameplay on their channel it's a true
blessing just seeing as though they're
allowing upcoming commentators to get
extra exposure and the fact that they're
trying to bring the 2k community even
closer it's always great to see well for
those of you who don't know me you want
to give you guys a heads up of what's
going on over at ymd TV starting off
with the series I have going I obviously
have the my career series featuring the
66 shooting guard from Washington DC the
slizz am cam champ the hometown hero
mark alexander the great this is
actually a very early video in the my
career series of Mark Alexander the
Great the reason I wanted to show you
guys this video in particular was
because of that intro that intro has to
be one of my favorite intros of the my
career series so far and when I say
early I mean real early way before I
made it to the starting line up way
before the endorsements way before the
accessories the new soo everything I
don't have anything yet so you
definitely want to stop by get caught up
the date I also give you guys some very
very helpful and useful vc tutorials we
all know vc plays a major role this year
in 2k13 so i give you guys some quick
tips and they helped a lot ask anybody
that has seen the video and when i'm not
uploading a my career video i try to
upload one at least once every other day
there's a lot of different videos i may
post up i recently uploaded a dunk
contest video a teacher vs student
session michael jordan going up against
Mark Alexander it was a lot of fun
I try to be very interactive with my
videos and subscribers all together so
if you've ever played the dunk contest
you know the scoring system is little
off for some reason a cartwheel into a
360 in between the legs over a car and
three people will get you less points
than a basic one hand down by the
computer which is why I allowed
subscribers to vote on the women another
way I'm super interactive is I host
these black top 3v3 sub sessions almost
every night honestly I feel as though
that's the greatest way to interact with
you guys we're just having fun and we're
stacking our vc while we're doing it
before i go i just want to let you guys
know about this last series that I'm
doing I believe no one else has this
series going on their channel seem as
though I'm a sneakerhead and 2k added
the Nike Foamposites into their game I
decided to do a comparison not in EO
comparison a real-life comparison with
let's say the puter foamposites I'll
give you a 360 view of the shoe and then
I'm going to show you how it looks in
game also I do orange feet view of the
shoe also it's a great series once again
very creative in my opinion I don't
think anybody has ever done that and I
take pride in being the very first I
also plan on doing Jordans like i said i
have a huge sneaker collection in it's
just a great way to incorporate my love
for sneakers and 2k13 at the same time
well this video is pretty much over if
you've enjoyed the video please stop by
come over to the channel subscribe so we
can run some 3v three black top sessions
get that vc have fun and come over watch
the my career videos you can see mark
alexander go in the corner like a
prostitute see him go up over sla's am
km
no well it's been fun I just want to end
it saying thank you to the entire full
house ENT for allowing me to show you
guys this video I really hope you guys
enjoy so next time